hey guys i'm going to be showing you a
cool little tweak type thing called
memory tap as you probably seen on above
as the title there because you clicked
on this video obviously you can see here
what I'm using here is shrink shrinks
your icons to about to anything you want
which is good if you're using the five
icon dock and like the five or a
springboard and that 5.com that'll deal
I just think it looks a little better
like this because it spreads Medal of
war but so this is going to be called
memory tap now memory tap freeze your
memory freeze your memory processes
super simply so you don't have to go
into sbsettings and then find your find
your processes and if it's above fifth
it's above 50 megabytes you can't do it
and so I don't know it's probably not
safe but I I think it still does your
job so for me you can see here I just
you can you can enable with activator to
anywhere you want I just hold down the
top whole thing here tops power button
hold that down for me and then note
you'll get a free memory thing right
like this but obviously it moves a ton
easier and then your memory will be
freed so um I don't want to give away my
IP address and it's kind of that but I
can tell you that it will be freed and
it's a lot you can see here I can like
already scroll across and the cool
because them you don't you know if it's
like frozen rot because what I'm doing
this obviously with the VMT screen
splitter thing it's a ton more laggy r
but this was really smoothly and this is
my lime-green progress gear and so you
for you guys it'll just be a spinning
little pin pin wheel type deal oh yeah
and I figured out that um a lot there's
just one guy think that he does a lot of
these type things but he calls them
loaders I really don't think they should
be called loaders when you actually make
them there in the file you make them as
is like a progress gear so I thought
that makes
and when he searched progress Gareth's
the only one to get so that's the reason
I was a little confused there because I
was like wise and other people doing
this and then I realized other people
were you can see I've got circuit
circuit s you i'm using circuit is here
which you can see my other videos on on
that which is the custom app switcher
one thing on that too i kind of wish you
could just slide like this to close it
and open it again now that might get in
the way but at least have an option
because sometimes like enabling it for
me is kind of annoying then just kind of
wish i could just slide pop-up but
anyway let's get back to memory tap so
what you want to do is go into settings
find settings here and then once you're
in settings you're just going to want to
scroll on down and it'll be with all
your other cydia rock jailbroken setting
little things here so you have got
activator circa decidedly digit
iconoclasm proswitcher in safari
download manager so we're just going to
go over to activator because this is
what it's going to be in i had a little
trouble with that I thought maybe they
had their own but you're just going to
want to get activator I'm not totally
sure if it comes with it because all i
did was i already had it so if you if it
doesn't come with it make sure you get
activator too but I believe it does and
then you're just going to want to find
you won't want to click any time here
any time and then you're just want to
find the one you're going to want to do
to make memory tap go on memory tap will
free the virtual memory if I didn't
clear that up it's going to free the
virtual memory and it works with the
like my other videos were you free more
memory and I'm not totally sure if it
works for the one with Cydia but the
playlist one if you guys know what I'm
talking about their that one works for
me so you guys can tell me if that works
not and all to put that in the script or
something and so I have it on
and see i have it on where it is power
button here let's find it I've a non
sleep button here I do a short hold you
can find it selected here and say she
will be with all your other things there
and I have it with memory tap here and
then once I just press this sleep button
up here it goes on it's really nice easy
it's a new one I believe it's from
Exley's i'll have the repo in the
description if i'll clear that but
thanks for watching subscribe peace